docs/doxygen/ffw_GLFWRenderWindowArgs.md, before:

GLFWRenderWindowArgs
===================================


The documentation for this struct was generated from: `include/ffw/graphics/glfwrenderwindow.h`



## Public Attributes

| Type | Name |
| -------: | :------- |
|  [ffw::Vec2i](ffw.html#e4e07ebe) | [pos](#f2c4a0f4) _Position of the window, set to [-1, -1] for the OS to decide._ |
|  [ffw::Vec2i](ffw.html#e4e07ebe) | [size](#427706b8) _Size of the window._ |
|  std::string | [title](#b1b7d616) _UTF-8 encoded title._ |
|  const [ImageBuffer](ffw_ImageBuffer.html) * | [icon](#80b1f19d) _Pointer to an icon image buffer._ |
|  bool | [resizable](#e7e998cc) _Can the user resize the window?_ |
|  bool | [border](#57ee20b0) _Does the window have a border?_ |
|  bool | [maximize](#17286d5d) _Can the user maximize the window?_ |
|  bool | [floating](#455965fc) _Should the window be always on top?_ |
|  bool | [focused](#f1d28cf8) _Should the window be automatically focused on creation?_ |
|  bool | [visible](#7978feef) _Should the window be visible?_ |
|  int | [samples](#17443f00) _Antialiasing samples, has to be in power of two._ |


## Public Attributes Documentation

### _variable_ <a id="f2c4a0f4" href="#f2c4a0f4">pos</a>

```cpp
ffw::Vec2i pos
```

Position of the window, set to [-1, -1] for the OS to decide. 

### _variable_ <a id="427706b8" href="#427706b8">size</a>

```cpp
ffw::Vec2i size
```

Size of the window. 

### _variable_ <a id="b1b7d616" href="#b1b7d616">title</a>

```cpp
std::string title
```

UTF-8 encoded title. 

### _variable_ <a id="80b1f19d" href="#80b1f19d">icon</a>

```cpp
const ImageBuffer * icon
```

Pointer to an icon image buffer. 

### _variable_ <a id="e7e998cc" href="#e7e998cc">resizable</a>

```cpp
bool resizable
```

Can the user resize the window? 

### _variable_ <a id="57ee20b0" href="#57ee20b0">border</a>

```cpp
bool border
```

Does the window have a border? 

### _variable_ <a id="17286d5d" href="#17286d5d">maximize</a>

```cpp
bool maximize
```

Can the user maximize the window? 

### _variable_ <a id="455965fc" href="#455965fc">floating</a>

```cpp
bool floating
```

Should the window be always on top? 

### _variable_ <a id="f1d28cf8" href="#f1d28cf8">focused</a>

```cpp
bool focused
```

Should the window be automatically focused on creation? 

### _variable_ <a id="7978feef" href="#7978feef">visible</a>

```cpp
bool visible
```

Should the window be visible? 

### _variable_ <a id="17443f00" href="#17443f00">samples</a>

```cpp
int samples
```

Antialiasing samples, has to be in power of two.

Commit message:

v0.3 Redesigned CMakeLists.txt - all libraries included through git submodules Added ccputf8 library Renamed ffw::Var to ffw::Any Replaced glext.h with glcorearb.h and all functions are global (can be disabled by defining FFW_DO_NOT_EXPORT_GL_PROC) Added TextWrapper utility in math module (UTF-8 enabled) Redesigned Gui Themes Added Circle CI Added example: word break (graphics module) Added example: gui align (gui module) Added nanovg as the drawing API Redesigned Gui to use UTF-8 only Replaced Gui themes (see examples in docs) Added more Gui unit tests Travis CI revert back to xcode 6.4 image Add compiler version txt into the generated zip file

docs/doxygen/ffw_GLFWRenderWindowArgs.md, after:

GLFWRenderWindowArgs
===================================


The documentation for this struct was generated from: `include/ffw/graphics/glfwrenderwindow.h`



## Public Attributes

| Type | Name |
| -------: | :------- |
|  [ffw::Vec2i](ffw.html#e4e07ebe) | [pos](#f2c4a0f4) _Position of the window, set to [-1, -1] for the OS to decide._ |
|  [ffw::Vec2i](ffw.html#e4e07ebe) | [size](#427706b8) _Size of the window._ |
|  std::string | [title](#b1b7d616) _UTF-8 encoded title._ |
|  const [ImageBuffer](ffw_ImageBuffer.html) * | [icon](#80b1f19d) _Pointer to an icon image buffer._ |
|  bool | [resizable](#e7e998cc) _Can the user resize the window?_ |
|  bool | [border](#57ee20b0) _Does the window have a border?_ |
|  bool | [maximize](#17286d5d) _Can the user maximize the window?_ |
|  bool | [floating](#455965fc) _Should the window be always on top?_ |
|  bool | [focused](#f1d28cf8) _Should the window be automatically focused on creation?_ |
|  bool | [visible](#7978feef) _Should the window be visible?_ |
|  int | [samples](#17443f00) _Antialiasing samples, has to be in power of two._ |
|  bool | [initDrawing](#73c075e9) _Should the window initialize drawing API?_ |


## Public Attributes Documentation

### _variable_ <a id="f2c4a0f4" href="#f2c4a0f4">pos</a>

```cpp
ffw::Vec2i pos
```

Position of the window, set to [-1, -1] for the OS to decide. 

### _variable_ <a id="427706b8" href="#427706b8">size</a>

```cpp
ffw::Vec2i size
```

Size of the window. 

### _variable_ <a id="b1b7d616" href="#b1b7d616">title</a>

```cpp
std::string title
```

UTF-8 encoded title. 

### _variable_ <a id="80b1f19d" href="#80b1f19d">icon</a>

```cpp
const ImageBuffer * icon
```

Pointer to an icon image buffer. 

### _variable_ <a id="e7e998cc" href="#e7e998cc">resizable</a>

```cpp
bool resizable
```

Can the user resize the window? 

### _variable_ <a id="57ee20b0" href="#57ee20b0">border</a>

```cpp
bool border
```

Does the window have a border? 

### _variable_ <a id="17286d5d" href="#17286d5d">maximize</a>

```cpp
bool maximize
```

Can the user maximize the window? 

### _variable_ <a id="455965fc" href="#455965fc">floating</a>

```cpp
bool floating
```

Should the window be always on top? 

### _variable_ <a id="f1d28cf8" href="#f1d28cf8">focused</a>

```cpp
bool focused
```

Should the window be automatically focused on creation? 

### _variable_ <a id="7978feef" href="#7978feef">visible</a>

```cpp
bool visible
```

Should the window be visible? 

### _variable_ <a id="17443f00" href="#17443f00">samples</a>

```cpp
int samples
```

Antialiasing samples, has to be in power of two. 

### _variable_ <a id="73c075e9" href="#73c075e9">initDrawing</a>

```cpp
bool initDrawing
```

Should the window initialize drawing API?
