docs/README.md, before:

# Introduction

![appveyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/skag9h1m8pthm4bp/branch/master?svg=true)
![travis-ci](https://travis-ci.org/matusnovak/fineframework.svg?branch=master)
![codacy](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/5f3cdd8363c64a9ab7fb3904cb56cf00)

FineFramework (FFW) is an open source framework written in C++ designed for developing applications. This framework provides basic simple structure to write things easily with less code. Anyone can use this framework without greater knowledge of programming. This framework provides functions which can be used as a building blocks for applications of any kind. The core functions should provide sufficient exploitation for the most of problems.

FineFramework contains several modules, each module has a specific use and is compiled separately. If you wish to use only one module, you don't need to compile and link them all, except for the math module which is needed by all modules. **[The API documentation can be found here](/doxygen/modules.md)**.

To get started, please read [How to install FineFramework tutorials](/installation/installation.md) where you can find instructions for Visual Studio, MinGW, Linux using GCC, and OS X using Clang.

Commit message:

v0.3 Redesigned CMakeLists.txt - all libraries included through git submodules Added ccputf8 library Renamed ffw::Var to ffw::Any Replaced glext.h with glcorearb.h and all functions are global (can be disabled by defining FFW_DO_NOT_EXPORT_GL_PROC) Added TextWrapper utility in math module (UTF-8 enabled) Redesigned Gui Themes Added Circle CI Added example: word break (graphics module) Added example: gui align (gui module) Added nanovg as the drawing API Redesigned Gui to use UTF-8 only Replaced Gui themes (see examples in docs) Added more Gui unit tests Travis CI revert back to xcode 6.4 image Add compiler version txt into the generated zip file

docs/README.md, after:

FineFramework
-------------

## Status

| Service | Compiler | Master | Devel |
| ------- | -------- | ------ | ----- |
| AppVeyor | Visual Studio 2013, 2015, 2017 + MinGW | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/skag9h1m8pthm4bp/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/matusnovak/fineframework/branch/master) | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/skag9h1m8pthm4bp/branch/devel?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/matusnovak/fineframework/branch/devel) |
| Travis CI | Linux GCC 5 + Clang 3.7 | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/matusnovak/fineframework.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/matusnovak/fineframework) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/matusnovak/fineframework.svg?branch=devel)](https://travis-ci.org/matusnovak/fineframework) |
| CircleCI | Linux GCC 5.5 + Linux GCC 6.4 + Linux GCC 7.2 | [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/matusnovak/fineframework/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/matusnovak/fineframework/tree/master) | [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/matusnovak/fineframework/tree/devel.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/matusnovak/fineframework/tree/devel) |
| Codacy | | [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/5f3cdd8363c64a9ab7fb3904cb56cf00)](https://www.codacy.com/app/matus.novak/fineframework?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=matusnovak/fineframework&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) | [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/5f3cdd8363c64a9ab7fb3904cb56cf00)](https://www.codacy.com/app/matus.novak/fineframework?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=matusnovak/fineframework&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) |

## Introduction

FineFramework (FFW) is an open source framework written in C++ designed for developing applications. This framework provides basic simple structure to write things easily with less code. Anyone can use this framework without greater knowledge of programming. This framework provides functions which can be used as a building blocks for applications of any kind. The core functions should provide sufficient exploitation for the most of problems.

FineFramework contains several modules, each module has a specific use and is compiled separately. If you wish to use only one module, you don't need to compile and link them all, except for the math module which is needed by all modules. **[The API documentation can be found here](/doxygen/modules.md)**.

To get started, please read [How to install FineFramework tutorials](/installation/installation.md) where you can find instructions for Visual Studio, MinGW, Linux using GCC, and OSX using Clang.
